reginaldo/refactoring_sanctions (#28)
binary-com/perl-Data-Validate-Sanctions: README.md

Data::Validate::Sanctions is a simple validitor to validate a name against sanctions lists.

> The list is from [https://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/sdn_xml.zip](https://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/sdn_xml.zip), [https://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/consolidated/consolidated.xml](https://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/consolidated/consolidated.xml), and [http://hmt-sanctions.s3.amazonaws.com/sanctionsconlist.csv](http://hmt-sanctions.s3.amazonaws.com/sanctionsconlist.csv)

Reviewer: I think the extra labels/names on the links are unnecessary, just place directly like so

```suggestion
The list is from the following sources:

- https://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/sdn_xml.zip
- https://www.treasury.gov/ofac/downloads/consolidated/consolidated.xml
- http://hmt-sanctions.s3.amazonaws.com/sanctionsconlist.csv
```
